I am looking for a job as machine learning engineer. I have the knowledge, experience and passion for building computer system to serve worldwide customer. I study computer science in college and graduate school. I learned basic mathematics and CS knowledge and had experience about web system develop in college. In graduated school, I had machine learning. I published paper about time series classification in PAKDD'18 and SCIENCE CHINA Information Sciences, undertook a project about optical character recognition. After graduation I went Baidu. 
Currently I focus on query intent recognition for Baidu search engine. There are two main work. 
First is star atlas platform. This is intent recognition strategy center for Baidu vertical searching system. Our job is 1.query recall: recognize query that intent to certain field, such as music, novel, etc, 2. Query analysis: analysis query component to pre-defined slot. Like query: Baidu Hong Kong stock price. We need to set Baidu as a company, hk stock price as a stock type. After our job is done, our down streaming search system can assume their query is in their field and make use slots we analysis, making their strategy design easier. Further, because query for every field is a small part of overall traffic, our work makes down streaming system deployment cheaper. For query recall problem, We use docs that frequently clicked by user as feature of query. There is two ways to represent the docs. First is represent docs's url as 0-1 categorial feature and train logistic regression on it. Second is extract docs's title to represent the doc as semantic feature, and train advanced BERT model on it. For query analysis problem, we make it as a sequence labeling problem and use LSTM+CRF. 
My work includes, first, optimize strategy for business needs, most vertical field reached 90% precision and recall after optimization. Second, upgrade logistic regression to BERT, which is mentioned above. Third, build a data flow of feature extraction, model computation, online data visiting, reducing feature timeliness delay from 2-4days to 10 hours.
Second work is duxiaoxiao AI assistant. It's function includes searching, chatting and some entertainment skills. We need to recognize searching intent and chatting intent. We use post pertained Bert. First we collect big amount of labeled search/chat query data from business log of Baidu's similar product. This data distribution is similar but different from duxiaoxiao. Then we extract duxiaoxiao's user query and label them by human and finetume model. Classification accuracy reached 92%.